alcea rosea;alcea rosea
basil;ocimum basilicum
beet;beta vulgaris
blackberry;blackberry
broccoli;broccoli atlantis f1
bunching onion;bunching onion estafette f1
cabbage;red cabbage pretino f1
carrot;carrot aurantina f1
cyclamen;cyclamen hederifolium
cucumber;cucumber bon odori f1
eggplant;solanum melongena
gerbera;gerbera jamesonii
lavandula;lavandula dentata
lemon;citrus limon
narcissus tazetta;narcissus tazetta
onion;onion reks f1
parsley;petroselinum crispum
peach;prunus persica
pineapple;ananas comosus
poinsettia;euphorbia pulcherrima
rosemary;rosmarinus officinalis
salvia;salvia officinalis
spinach;spinacia oleracea
tomato;tomato master no. 2 f1
yucca;yucca gloriosa